Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: aiobroadlink
Version: 0.1.3
Summary: Pure Python library to control/provision Broadlink devices
Home-page: https://github.com/frawau/aiobroadlink
Author: François Wautier.
Author-email: francois@wautier.eu
License: MIT
Description: # aiobroadlink
        Library to control various Broadlink devices using asyncio
        
        
        This software is based on the protocol description from Ipsum Domus (?)
        Details at https://blog.ipsumdomus.com/broadlink-smart-home-devices-complete-protocol-hack-bc0b4b397af1
        
        This software is based on python-broadlink by Matthew Garrett
        Details at  https://github.com/mjg59/python-broadlink
        
        Remote Control device seem to be working alright (both IR and RF)
        
        RM4C are now supported.
        RM4 PRO are also supported.
        
        A1 device also work.
        
        Provisioning works.
        
        Other will be tested when I get the relevant hardware.
        
        Install with pip3. Be forewarned that aiobroadlink needs the 'cryptography' library.
        This library will be automatically installed, but for this to succeed, you do need to
        be able to compile things. To that effect you need a compiler and some header files. On
        Debian/Ubuntu distributions, this means you need the packages 'libffi-dev' and 'libssl-dev'
        
        You can run
        
            aiobroadlink
        
        or
        
            python3 -m aiobroadlink
        
        If your IP address cannot be guessed, do
        
            aiobroadlink -i xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx
        
        with xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx the IP address of the interface you want to use.
        
        When learning commands, they will be save in the file ~/.aiobroadlink.
        
Keywords: Broadlink,IoT,WiFi,Home Automation,asyncio
Platform: unix
Platform: linux
Platform: osx
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: System Administrators
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX :: Linux
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: Implementation :: CPython
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
